repo: Improve documentation (#18)
NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr: README.md

│   ├── ldo     # Examples related to LDO peripheral
│   .
│   .
│
├── scripts     # Various scripts
└── zephyr      # Zephyr configuration files
```

## Generating documentation
All files required to compile the Sphinx-based documentation for `npmx-zephyr` are located under the [doc][doc_dir] folder.

#### Requirements
Install Python 3 and its dependencies with the following command:
```bash
pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt
```

#### Build
You may want to use the provided script `doc/sphinx_build_local.sh`.

Open the `doc/build/html/index.html` file to see the output.

If you want to build it manually, go to the `doc` directory and run the following commands:
```bash
sphinx-build -M html . build
```

## pre-commit
For smoother workflow, `npmx-zephyr` includes hook scripts that are managed using `pre-commit`. These scripts help identify common issues, such as trailing whitespaces or missing licenses, right before code review.

Information about the usage, available commands, configuration and more can be found on the [pre-commit page][pre_commit_website]

To enable pre-commit, run the following command:

```bash
pre-commit install
```

> To disable pre-commit, just simply run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable pre-commit, run:
```

    ```

For instance, if you want to run the LED sample for nPM1300 Engineering B used with nRF52840DK, you must configure the setup as specified in the [LED sample README][led_readme]. After that, run the following commands:
```bash
cd npmx-zephyr/samples/led
west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840
west flash
```

As a result, you should see LEDs blinking on the board.

>Note:
>The ZEPHYR_BASE variable must be set as the path to your Zephyr folder (the one you have cloned with west).
>
>You can set this variable manually with the following command:
>
>```bash
>export ZEPHYR_BASE=<path_to_zephyr_directory>
>```

## Directories
```
.
├── doc         # Project documentation files
├── drivers     # npmx drivers files
├── dts	        # Devicetree source files for nPM devices
├── samples     # npmx samples files
│   ├── buck    # Samples related to BUCK peripheral
│   ├── ldo     # Samples related to LDO peripheral
│   .
│   .
│
├── scripts     # Various scripts
└── zephyr      # Zephyr configuration files
```

## Generating documentation
All files that are required to compile the Sphinx-based documentation for the `npmx-zephyr` repository are located under the [doc][doc_dir] folder.

> #### Requirements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Requirements
```

Install Python 3 and its dependencies with the following command:
```bash
pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt
```

> #### Build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Build
```

You can build the documentation in two ways:

* Use the provided script `doc/sphinx_build_local.sh` and open the `doc/build/html/index.html` file to see the output.

> * Build it manually by going to the `doc` directory and running the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Build it manually by going to the `doc` directory and running the following command:
```

### Building and running sample application
Firstly, the setup needs to be properly configured. Please read the documentation to learn how to do so. If you want to run one of the [sample applications][samples_dir], follow the relevant instruction provided in the documentation for that specific sample.

After configuring the setup, the application can be built and flashed to the target device.
```bash
cd <path_to_npmx-zephyr>/samples/<desired_sample>
west build -b <target>
west flash
```
For instance, if you want to run the LED sample for nPM1300 Engineering B used with nRF52840DK, you must configure the setup as specified in the [LED sample README][led_readme].
```bash
cd npmx-zephyr/samples/led
west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840
west flash
```

As a result, you should see LEDs blinking on the board.

>Note:
>The ZEPHYR_BASE variable must be set as the path to your Zephyr folder (the one you have cloned with west).
>
>You can set this variable manually with the following command:
>
>```bash
>export ZEPHYR_BASE=<path_to_zephyr_directory>

> >```

Author: I don't think if it should always be the first thing to do in case of errors. Imo it should be just a note as it was before, not a strict rule.

> >```

Author: I don't think if it should always be the first thing to do in case of errors. Imo it should be just a note as it was before, not a strict rule.

# npmx-zephyr

<p align="center">
    <img src="doc/_static/images/npm_family_logo_background.png" alt="NPMX LOGO" width="300" height="300">
</p>

## Overview
npmx-zephyr repository provides a convenient way to work with Nordic Semiconductor's Power Management ICs (PMICs), by integrating [npmx library][npmx_repo]  into a [Zephyr][zephyr_site] RTOS environment.

For the user convenience, this repository also includes a variety of sample applications that demonstrate the usage examples of the [npmx drivers][npmx_drivers].

## Supported devices:
 -    nPM1300 Engineering B

## How to use

### Repository initialization
The recommended way to obtain repositories is by using the `west` tool. Information about installation, commands, configuration and more can be found in the [west tool documentation][west_doc].
```bash
west init -m https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr
cd nmpx-zephyr
west update
```

> Alternatively, repositories can be obtained using plain `git`, but in this case special attention should be paid to revisions, both zephyr and npmx revisions should match with the ones specified in `west.yml`, moreover `npmx` should be placed in `zephyr/modules` subdirectory.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I'm not sure what change are you proposing - did you add "in this case" only? If so, please be aware that in RST, sentences written one under another will be displayed as one paragraph, hence end users will be aware that these three sentences describe one option. 
Otherwise, please simply insert your version and I will check it during the next review round :)

### Building and running sample application

> Firstly, the setup needs to be properly configured. Please read the documentation to learn how to do so.

Author: Tricky one, `documentation` should be linked to the official pmic documentation, but as far as I know the public one doesn't exist yet. 
@masz-nordic am I right, and if so, when can we expect the documentation to be released?

> Firstly, the setup needs to be properly configured. Please read the documentation to learn how to do so.

Reviewer: Correct. We can add the link once it is released, please create a task for that.

> Firstly, the setup needs to be properly configured. Please read the documentation to learn how to do so.

Author: Done, task in JIRA:
https://nordicsemi.atlassian.net/browse/NRFX-3926

If you want to run one of the sample applications, simply follow the instructions provided in the documentation for that specific example.

After configuring the setup, the project can be built and flashed to the target device.
```bash
cd <path_to_nmpx-zephyr>/samples/<desired_sample>
west build -b <target>
west flash
```
**For instance:**
Running led sample for `nPM1300 Engineering B` used with `nRF52840DK`:
Firstly whole setup must be configured as specified in [led sample README][led_readme].
```bash
cd nmpx-zephyr/samples/led
west build -b nrf52840dk_nrf52840
west flash
```

> As a result, you should see LEDs blinking on the board.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

As a result, you should see LEDs blinking on the board.

```

>Note:

> >The ZEPHYR_BASE variable must be set as the path to your Zephyr folder (the one you have cloned with west). You can set this variable manually with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>The ZEPHYR_BASE variable must be set as the path to your Zephyr folder (the one you have cloned with west).
>You can set this variable manually with the following command:
```

>
>```bash
>export ZEPHYR_BASE=<path_to_zephyr_directory>
>```

## Directories
```
.
├── doc			# Project documentation files

> ├── drivers		# npmx driver files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
├── drivers		# npmx drivers files
```

├── dts			# Devicetree source files for nPM devices
├── samples		# npmx samples files

> │   ├── buck	# Examples related to BUCK peripheral
> │   ├── ldo		# Examples related to LDO peripheral

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
│   ├── buck	# Samples related to BUCK peripheral
│   ├── ldo		# Samples related to LDO peripheral
```

│	.
│	.
│
├── scripts		# Various scripts
└── zephyr		# Zephyr configuration files
```

## Generating documentation

> All the necessary files to compile the Sphinx based documentation for `npmx-zephyr` are located under [doc][doc_dir] folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All files required to compile the Sphinx-based documentation for `npmx-zephyr` are located under the [doc][doc_dir] folder.
```

#### Requirements 

> You will need to have Python 3 installed as well as some dependencies, which can be installed by
> running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install Python 3 and its dependencies with the following command:
```

```bash
pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt
```

#### Build 

> You may want to use the provided script `doc/sphinx_build_local.sh`. The result can be viewed by opening `html_sphinx/index.html`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may want to use the provided script `doc/sphinx_build_local.sh`.
Open the `html_sphinx/index.html` file to see the output.
```

> If you want to do it manually you can run the following commands from doc directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to build it manually, go to the `doc` directory and run the following commands:
```

# npmx-zephyr

<p align="center">

>     <img src="doc/_static/images/npm_family_logo_background.png" alt="NPMX LOGO" width="300" height="300">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="doc/_static/images/npm_family_logo_background.png" alt="NPM LOGO" width="300" height="300">
```

Reviewer: Also, I think logo could be smaller, how about 200px?

</p>

## Overview

> npmx-zephyr repository provides a convenient way to work with Nordic Semiconductor's Power Management ICs (PMICs) by integrating [npmx library][npmx_repo] into the [Zephyr][zephyr_site] RTOS environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npmx-zephyr repository provides an example of [npmx library][npmx_repo] integration with the [Zephyr][zephyr_site] RTOS environment. This can be used as a starting point for an integration with other RTOS or bare-metal environment.
```

Author: ... with other RTOS or bare-metal environments.
or
... with another RTOS or bare-metal environment.
?
@masz-nordic

Author: For now I'll go with `other` option

For the user's convenience, this repository includes also a variety of sample applications demonstrating how to use the [npmx drivers][npmx_drivers].

## Supported devices:
 -    nPM1300 Engineering B

## How to use

### Repository initialization
The recommended way to clone the repositories is by using the `west` tool. Information about the installation, available commands, configuration and more can be found in the [Zephyr's west][west_doc] tool documentation.
```bash
west init -m https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr
cd npmx-zephyr

> west update

Reviewer 3: `mkdir npmx`
`cd npmx`
`west init -m https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/npmx-zephyr`
`cd npmx-zephyr`
`west update`

`west init` command initializes some repos in folders above the folder where it is invoked. Maybe it's worth creating a parent folder first?

Author: You are right, it's more convenient way
